index.md, before:

## Experience
-----------
### Project Manager and Scrum Master @ Accenture (January 2015 - Present)
* Leading the largest implementation of *Microsoft Dynamics 365* in the world as a Scrum Master and Project Manager for two teams at Best Buy, enabling the Enterprise to switch from being a transaciton-based company to become a relationship-based company by improving the customer experience in the Geek Squad division.
* Enabled business and support stakeholders at Cisco to predict 80% of customer escalations related to product quality as well as understanding and managing the costs of poor quality hardware manufacturing to the Enterprise, by leading two Data Science teams that provided crucial insight through dashboards and statistical models.
* Led the Production Support team at T-Mobile for the MyT-Mobile platform to go from 100+ open defects to a historic-best of ~10 open defects consistently through the implementation of lean and agile software development practices based on Kanban.

## Education
-----------
**Universidad del Valle de Mexico**. Bachelor's Degree Computer Systems Engineering, Computer Science.

**Universidad Nacional Andres Bello**. International Exchange Program. Computer Software Enginering, Computer Science.

**Certifications**

- Professional Scrum Master (PSM I) by Scrum.org
- SAFe Agilist (SA) by Scaled Agile Framework

Commit message:

Finish Experience with the rest

index.md, after:

## Experience
-----------
### Project Manager and Scrum Master @ Accenture (Jan 2015 - Present)
* Leading the largest implementation of *Microsoft Dynamics 365* in the world as a Scrum Master and Project Manager for two teams at Best Buy, enabling the Enterprise to switch from being a transaciton-based company to become a relationship-based company by improving the customer experience in the Geek Squad division.
* Enabled business and support stakeholders at Cisco to predict 80% of customer escalations related to product quality as well as understanding and managing the costs of poor quality hardware manufacturing to the Enterprise, by leading two Data Science teams that provided crucial insight through dashboards and statistical models.
* Led the Production Support team at T-Mobile for the MyT-Mobile platform to go from 100+ open defects to a historic-best of ~10 open defects consistently through the implementation of lean and agile software development practices based on Kanban.

### Scrum Master @ Tiempo Development (Nov 2013 - Jan 2015)
- Delivered high-impact features for a web-based Electronical Medical Record platform by enforcing constant customer value generation as well as continuous improvement in processes and engineering practices using the Scrum framework.
- Coached and facilitated the execution of Scrum for 20 people within four teams, two of them remotely located at Jalisco, Mexico.
- Led Sprint and Release Planning sessions for critical features and guided the teams through successful delivery.

### Software Engineering Lead / Architect, Scrum Master & SAP Business One Consultant @ Global VoIP (Sep 2012 - Nov 2013)
- Increased the initial delivery at a 4x rate based on continuous improvement implementations and the use of Scrum and agile practices.
- Led the architectural design and development and performed hands-in coding work for a new web-based project for a government office. 
- Provided a clear, results oriented solution to obtain insights on Technical Support business to improve customer satisfaction. 

### Software Development Engineer @ Freezecode Networks (Sep 2011 - Sep 2012)
- Developed a variety of software products (banking, collaboration platforms and LMS), doing full-stack development and testing. 
- Participated in the first successfully delivered project using agile methodologies within the company.

### Freelance Software Development Engineer (Oct 2010 - Jul 2011)
- Developed an alternative for small and medium sized business to adopt the then-new electronic invoicing scheme in Mexico.
- Helped small and medium businesses to reduce costs by avoiding the need of replacing legacy systems.
- Acquired field experience managing clients and deadlines before graduating from college. See less

## Education
-----------
**Universidad del Valle de Mexico**. Bachelor's Degree Computer Systems Engineering, Computer Science.

**Universidad Nacional Andres Bello**. International Exchange Program. Computer Software Enginering, Computer Science.

**Certifications**

- Professional Scrum Master (PSM I) by Scrum.org
- SAFe Agilist (SA) by Scaled Agile Framework
